---
layout: post
postid: PO-250731-01
permalink: /posts/2025-07-31-Panama-playlists.html
type: post
lang: en
locale: en_US
title: "Panama Playlists"
description: "A website that lists songs from prominent people."
date: 2025-07-31t10:31:00+02:00
categories:
  - Post
tags:
  - 2025
  - Romania
  - Slop
image_banner_link: /images/post-thumbnails/AlexTECPlayz_GridBanner.webp
toc: true
---

## Panama Playlists

You might've probably heard of the [Panama Papers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panama_Papers). Well, now there's a [Panama Playlists](https://panamaplaylists.com/) website that lists some songs from prominent journalists, politicians, and celebrities' playlists or liked songs on various services including Spotify and Pandora. This has seemingly been confirmed by [The Verge](https://www.theverge.com/privacy/716386/spotifys-terrible-privacy-settings-just-leaked-palmer-luckeys-bops-and-bangers) as possibly accurate.

It's not a scandal or whatever, but some of the song choices of these people are...interesting, to say the least. It's my belief that what songs you listen to can say a lot about you. And well, there's a lot to say about these folks - yes, I'll be shitting on some of their song choices, that's what I like to do in these slop posts. And for politicians? I can do that All. Day. Long.

**JD Vance**! On his [Making Dinner](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4gIV4EPHM7B3lzt1ZM5ABT) playlist, one prominent song is Backstreet Boys' hit *I Want It That Way*, which can be interpreted as "someone's troubled relationship by matters of emotional and/or physical distance" [as PopDust's Unterberger concluded](http://popdust.com/2012/11/27/backstreet-boys-i-want-it-that-way-lyrics/). Well, I feel for JD Vance. It can't be easy being away all day long in the White House or following Donny around, and not having enough 'me time' with his couch, which is at home. So, at least while he's making dinner, he can get to enjoy his free time with his cushioned girlfriend, all the while 'the missus' watches in horror.

**Karoline Leavitt**'s [Baby Shower](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2oOwitpLmLK8WJaTJsuc5f) playlist features the song *Run the World* by Beyoncé. Well, she is, at least to *some* (ultra-small) extent - unless she has bigger plans later down the line? She's currently the White House Press Secretary. During her first press conference, she promoted alt media, and falsely stated that $50 million USD in taxpayer dollars had been intended for use in funding condoms in the Gaza Strip. And well, I'm a piece of shit, but I'd rather refrain, at least for now, on making a joke about this, considering she has a bab-oh, maybe that's why she has one. All of the Durex condoms at the time must've been sent to the Gaza Strip... And of course, the [stupid photo of her holding her son while typing at the White House](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/us/politics/2025/05/09/super-mom-karoline-leavitt-pictured-working-baby-son-lap/) which is clearly a photo op has gathered viral attention, being nicknamed 'boss mom' and 'Super Mom'. So, she's a 'Super Mom', normalizing working and caring for children at the same time, which is strange for a right-wing government, where is tradition to sit home, cook and care for kids, instead of working.

Mikey! **Mike Johnson**, speaker of the US House of Representatives. His [liked tracks](https://pandora.com/content/mobile/profile_likes.vm?webname=mjohnsonlegal) on Pandora include *One Night Love Affair* by Bryan Adams and *All Through The Night* by Cyndi Lauper. Yeah, [famously non-cheater Mike Johnson that attended a hush money trial in which Trump was accused of cheating on his wife with a porn star](https://www.vanityfair.com/news/story/mike-johnson-shows-up-to-hush-money-trial-to-defend-a-guy-accused-of-cheating-on-his-wife-with-a-porn-star), the same Mike Jonhon that says he and his son use special software to ensure they're not watching porn.

I mean, *One Night Love Affair* might just hold true for him if we ever find out anything else from his past, and *All Through The Night* is most definitely his cuck song, because he doesn't look like the kind of guy that could last more than a minute. ...after which he probably plays *Finding Nemo / Nemo Egg* by the City of Prague's Philharmonic Orchestra, before crying himself to sleep.

**Pam Bondi** [starts it off *real hot*](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/15zz73cywH65dQXrdWzTGH) with Nelly's hit *Hot In Herre* - which, we know Pam, Hell is *very hot* this time of the year, no thanks to global warming! - before continuing with Rick Astley's *Never Gonna Give You Up*, a promise that she has already broken, considering the "Epstein Files" she had on her desk are nowhere to be seen, and [totally not in a box given to Ghislaine Maxwell](https://nypost.com/2025/07/25/us-news/ghislaine-maxwell-returns-to-florida-federal-prison-holding-mysterious-box-after-doj-meeting/), spotted while returning to prison. And to top it all off, *Slow Burn* by Kacey Musgraves, another gentle reminder of the catastrophic climate change that we're only beginning to feel the tip of. Well, I think there's a cherry on top of that, Mike Posner's *Cooler Than Me* which probably is true, Satan is cooler than Pam - both in style, and in body temperature, also hinting at their relationship with the song *Shout Out to My Ex* by Little Mix, though I'd be inclined to think that the Devil themselves broke it off because they couldn't take it anymore, being Pam's partner and all.

We move to **Ron DeSantis**, the governor of Florida. He has a [hodge-podge mix](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2Xb2Lt6kZEnwTG4I88XJud?si) (his words, not mine!), which include hits such as *Ring of Fire* - again, a nod to the catastrophic climate change we're experiencing, and *Cars* movie' *Life Is a Highway*, which is true when all you've known is the USA for your entire life. Highways in the US cost incredible amounts of money to construct and maintain, even with all the subsidies the government has provided, under the pressure of the ever-powerful car lobby. And yeah, Joe Walsh's song *Life's Been Good* holds true when [you and your former chief of staff, James Uthmeier, have siphoned $10 million from a Medicaid settlement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ron_DeSantis#Hope_Florida_Foundation_controversy), directed to your wife's Hope Florida Foundation, before being transferred to two separate groups, sent to Uthmeier's political committee. Un-luckily for you, a criminal investigation is underway as of May 2025, an investigation that's scared your wife enough to cite as the reason why she decided not to run for governor next year. Fuck you Ron, see you in Hell, I'll be waiting for you, you parasite.

**Sam Altman**'s [Shazam tracks playlist on Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5jIsUIzFmXFGQKOOcKnSBk?si=4664de3fce6d48fe) is probably the same thing I'd expect to see from Mark Zuckerberg - a bunch of songs thrown in there that should make you seem...human. Sam's most likely the same kind of reptilian breed as Zuck, wouldn't be surprised if they're brothers back on their home planet. Still, *Until the Sun Needs To Rise* and *I Don't Wanna Wait* embody Sam just precisely, having the determination to continue ruining Earth with his ChatGPT and AI, and just like any other rapey Sillicon Valley techbro, he doesn't want to wait. Regulation? Fuck it. Any remorse or consideration about using copyrighted content to train your AI? Fuck it, why wait for that? Seems stupid, doesn't it?

Okay, **Sam Bankman-Fried**, FTX founder and convicted felon's playlists [loud](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/70ZD5JjGwvUnEqXLdMHxxk) and [soft](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/69EDbTQKBzjWTihW0u9QDo) are the story of his life. *Save Your Tears* Sam, for you are now in prison for wire, commodities, securities fraud, and money laundering. Yeah, you're also *Young Dumb, Broke*, but nowhere near *Unstoppable*. And your *Hide and Seek*, *Rumaway* game with the police didn't last long, after being arrested on December 12, 2022 at your Bahamas apartment for those charges.

Surprisingly good guy *Billionaire* and philanthropist **Marc Benioff** knows how to party hard, considering his [high energy party playlist on Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0JFeo8u07prwzvuppvIrZT) has some superb bangers from Lady Gaga, having 777 songs in total in that playlist. Surprisingly good, you say? His Wikipedia page only has [praises for him](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Benioff#Social_activism), deeply caring about his employees' gender pay gap, access to abortion, LGBTQ+ inclusion, also caring about the homeless. You love to see it, finally a billionaire that doesn't suck! **October 2025 edit:** ...that didn't last long. Benioff caved in to Trump, more things came to light. He's not a good guy billionaire, no one is.

Besides that, I don't think I can roast anyone else on that list, since I know fuck all about them. Well okay, I can roast **Shaun Maguire**, a VC that is currently still a partner at Sequoia Capital - but not for long - for having a face that does scream *Windowlicker*.

Maguire served as an advisor to Trump in his second term, assisting with US Intelligence Community picks, for some fucking reason. Shaun also manages the investments of Sequoia in all of Musk's companies,and assisted Musk during his tenure at DOGE. He made a [deeply appalling, racist and Islamophobic remark about Zohran Mamdani on Twitter](https://x.com/shaunmmaguire/status/1941135110922969168), writing that "(Mamdani) comes from a culture that lies about everything. It's literally a virtue to lie if it advances his Islamist agenda. The West will learn this lesson the hard way". Soon after, a petition singed by 900 tech leaders called for Sequoia to condemn Maguire's comments, and to investigate and apologize about this. ...At the same time, an [open letter in support of Maguire's comments](https://www.businessinsider.com/shaun-maguire-letter-of-support-2025-7) has over 355 signatures. Go fuck yourself, Shaun. Rot in hell with the rest of your pro-Israel friends.


